Lin Wenli
I owe you all these years, sorry.
I won't take over your feelings
I will leave as soon as possible.
Why am I in the hospital?
Hey
Wenli, why are you sitting up?
How does your body feel?
Strange what about Jiangnan?
I don't know.
When I wake up, I'm the only one. Maybe?
Is he out? Wenli
Does the injury on your body still hurt?
Thank you teacher
I feel okay now.
You still call me teacher
Wenli, in fact, your mother is me
Is what Liu Hongtao said true?
That's right, you are my biological daughter
Then my adoptive mother told me before
The girl he hugged by mistake is the Yan family boy
Are you my biological mother?
Wen Li
This is my sister's paternity test report with you
I'm sorry for hiding it for so long.
I'm afraid you'll get hurt.
I didn't expect it.
It took my sister so long to recognize you.
No wonder no wonder
I always thought you were so familiar with me
So you are my mother